Readings
Read chapter 2 of the textbook T-SQL Fundamentals, pages 27 through 49.
Homework questions
1. What is a primary key constraint? What two other constraints is it equivilent to? pg 22
A primary key constraint enforces the uniquesness of rows and also disallows NULLs in the constraint
attributes. Uniquely identifies each record on a database. Equivalent to unique constraint and not nullable.
2. What is a nullability constraint? What does it prevent? 
Prevents columns from accepting NULL values. 
3. What is a unique constraint? What does it prevent? pg 23
Unique constraint enforces the uniquesness of rows, allowing you to implement the concept of alternate keys
from the relational model in your database. Prevents duplicate values stored in specific columns that do 
not participate a primary key. (cannot have 2 of the same kind of value in that column)
4. What is a foreign key constraint? What does it allow? pg 23
A foreign-key constraint enforces referential integrity. It is defined on one or more attributes in what's
called the referencing table and points to candidate-key (Primary key or unique constraint) attributes 
in what's called the refernced table. Allows you to restrict the values allowed in the foeigned key columns
to those that exist in the referenced columns. (
5. What is a check constraint? What does it allow? 
Check constraints can be used to define a predicate that a row must meet to be entered into the table or 
to be modified. Allows us to be very specific on the data that is allowed (ex. between value 1 to value 10, ex. drinking
age check constraint...=>21). A way of enforcing a business rule. 
6. What is a default constraint? What does it allow?
Default constraint is associated with a particular attribute and is an expression that is used as the default value when 
an explicit value is not specified for the attribute when you insert a row.
7. What is domain integrity? This is not in your text book, but it’s important.
means our data is within the allowed values. 
8. What is the difference between the where and the having clauses? How are they alile?
WHERE clause is a row filter and HAVING clause is a group filter. Both filter from  data that the predicate is evaluated
to be TRUE and are returned to next query processing phase and FALSE or UNKNOWN are discarded
9. What SQL operator has the highest precedence? What SQL operator has the lowest precedence? pg 51
() (Parenthes) has the highest. =(Assignment) has the lowest.
10. Yes or no: In the SQL standard, is NULL equal to NULL? Why or why not? 
No, because the value of each NULL is unknown. 2 objects unknown cannot equal to each other.